
Summary: 
In this meeting, the participants discuss the progress of their project and plan for the upcoming presentation. Joseph Fodera mentions that they need to fix any red flags, specifically mentioning path traversal, and asks for suggestions on how to fix it. He also mentions that he needs to finalize the notification for the "If" item was matched. The group agrees to meet on Sunday to practice their presentation and ensure they can talk for at least 20 minutes. They also discuss the need for a citations page and commenting on their sources. Derek Lee shares the changes he made to the project, including restyling the header, item forms, and adding a personalization feature. Joseph suggests creating an about us page and asks Derek to let them know before merging the changes. The meeting concludes with the group discussing their availability for the next meeting and expressing satisfaction with the progress made so far.


Bullet Points: 
- The meeting discussed the progress of the project and the upcoming tasks.
- The team planned to finalize the notification and work on the presentation.
- They set a deadline for the repository submission on December 10th.
- They discussed the need to fix any red flags, such as path traversal, and validate the pages.
- The team planned to meet on Sunday to practice the presentation.
- They discussed the importance of talking for at least 20 minutes during the presentation.
- The team members shared their progress on different tasks, such as styling changes and adding an about us page.
- They discussed the need for citations and proper documentation.
- The team planned to meet in a room at the DCC for the presentation.
- They reminded each other to email someone for a product review for extra credit.
- The team agreed to meet on Sunday at noon and potentially practice on Monday as well.